README.md, before:

# Session Hijacking Visual Exploitation

Session Hijacking Visual Exploitation is a tool that allows for the hijacking of user sessions by injecting malicious JavaScript code.

## Installation

# Prerequisites

To run Session Hijacking Visual Exploitation, you will need to have the following software installed:

* Node.js
* npm 
* electron

# Server Installation

To install the server, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository from GitHub:

`git clone git@github.com:doyensec/Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation.git`

2. Navigate to the server directory:

`cd Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/server`

3. Install the server dependencies:

`npm install`

# Client Installation

To install the client, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the client directory:

`cd Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/client`

2. Install electron:

`npm install --save electron`

## Usage

To use Session Hijacking Visual Exploitation, follow these steps:

1. Start the server:

`cd Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/server `
`npm start`

2. Start the client:

`cd Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/client`
`electron .`

3. Inject the malicious Javascript on the browser

[Malicious JavaScript](https://github.com/doyensec/Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/blob/master/server/public/client.js)

## Screenshots

Commit message:

Fixed POST request error and certificate error

README.md, after:

# Session Hijacking Visual Exploitation

Session Hijacking Visual Exploitation is a tool that allows for the hijacking of user sessions by injecting malicious JavaScript code.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

To run Session Hijacking Visual Exploitation, you will need to have the following software installed:

* Node.js
* npm 
* electron

### Server Installation

To install the server, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository from GitHub:

`git clone git@github.com:doyensec/Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation.git`

2. Navigate to the server directory:

`cd Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/server`

3. Install the server dependencies:

`npm install`

### Client Installation

To install the client, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the client directory:

`cd Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/client`

2. Install electron:

`npm install --save electron`

## Usage

To use Session Hijacking Visual Exploitation, follow these steps:

1. Start the server:

`cd Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/server `
`npm start`

2. Start the client:

`cd Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/client`
`electron .`

3. On the client use the button to download the certificate and install it

4. Inject the malicious Javascript on the browser:

[Malicious JavaScript](https://github.com/doyensec/Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/blob/master/server/public/client.js)

## Modes

On the tool you will notice there are two different modes:

1. Interactive: It will allow you to access to the different websites using the victim browser security context. 
2. Visual: It will show you what is the victim seing and doing in the hooked browser.

## Screenshots

![alt Screenshot_0](https://github.com/doyensec/Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/blob/master/screenshot_0.png?raw=true)
![alt Screenshot_1](https://github.com/doyensec/Session-Hijacking-Visual-Exploitation/blob/master/screenshot_1.png?raw=true)
